Update proxy-servers-for-skype-for-business-online.md (#8511)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/proxy-servers-for-skype-for-business-online.md

- Following the other recommendations in our networking guidelines:
  [Prepare your organization's network for Teams](prepare-network.md)
  

> For Direct Routing scenario, external DNS resolution for all Teams Clients even behind a proxy is *mandatory*, namely *recursive* name resolution to *.teams.microsoft.com is needed for Teams to connect to Tranport Relay on standard 3478-3481 UDP ports. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For direct routing scenarios, external DNS resolutions for all Teams clients, even behind a proxy, is *mandatory*, namely a *recursive* name resolution to *.teams.microsoft.com* is needed for Teams to connect to the Transport Relay on standard 3478-3481 UDP ports. 
```
